Move CI build cache instructions to Deployment docs (#35418)
vercel/next.js: docs/advanced-features/ci-build-caching.md

---
description: Learn how to configure CI to cache Next.js builds
---

# Continuous Integration (CI) Build Caching

To improve build performance, Next.js saves a cache to `.next/cache` that is shared between builds.

To take advantage of this cache in Continuous Integration (CI) environments, your CI workflow will need to be configured to correctly persist the cache between builds.

> > If your CI is not configured to persist `.next/cache` between builds, you may see a [No Cache Detected](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/errors/no-cache.md) error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If your CI is not configured to persist `.next/cache` between builds, you may see a [No Cache Detected](https://nextjs.org/docs/messages/no-cache) error.
```
